life is also really like
a train and I know that this story is going
to like a lot
it is the train of life
notice that it is true when we enter
to our life when we get to the train
of life do not reside our parents and
they go in the same car as us and we
we are very excited and we believe that they
are going to be eternal that are going to be us
accompanying all the way
during the entire trip
but the truth is very different and many
they already lived it one day they get off to
never again to get on
and we suffer a lot but we have left
our memories the values
to the train of life our
siblings friends the person who decides
share with you the trip and feel
your side your wife your husband
your best friends that ironies of the
life because sometimes the people we love
which is found in other wagons and
we can go to visit them sometimes we go to
Sometimes we forget
we forget that they are in another wagon and weird
time we go and the day we go the seat
next door is occupied by another
person and nothing else we sigh and say
it seems to me that I have not been a good friend
for you
you know what the big question is
we do not know what day we're going to go down
when are we going to get to the station
final this is a big question and
priore tantito that we do not know
We want to know when our beings
dear ones are going down and we believe that
they are eternal and to continue with
we have to take care of details
to say that I want to be expressive to say
that you are an important part of my life if
do not get enough
but I 'm sure one day we're going to
get to the station at the end
is going to stop our life train
we will go down and those beings will be
who came forward with arms
open and they will tell us how it went
you enjoy the road and they are going to hug me
and my mommy is going to fill me with kisses
I'm safe
but also be in that final station goes
to be our creator I do not know
I want to imagine what the trial is like
final but what I am sure
boys boys is he's going to ask me
accounts of how happy we were that
so happy very much that yes I will ask
count how much I loved how much I wanted how much
it transcended in others that so happy
did people going in my car and
in other wagons you left a trace that way
it's like you're going to judge in love you know
I wish that all of you heart
Have a happy trip to God
bless your steps that God bless
your decisions thank you very much
thank you